README.md, before:

# A tomato's time

[Cette page en français.](LISEZMOI.md)

The tomato's time is an utility developed in Delphi and based on the FFmpeg bookshop to cut long videos in series of 20 to 25 minutes (the time of a pomodoro, hence its title). New videos are then composed of a starting image, an end image, an excerpt from the previous video and the content of the current episode.

The whole works by using FFmpeg command line on videos stored in a folder.

This code repository contains a project developed in Object Pascal language under Delphi. You don't know what Delphi is and where to download it ? You'll learn more [on this web site](https://delphi-resources.developpeur-pascal.fr/).

## Using this software

This software is available in a directly installable or executable production version. It is distributed as shareware.

You can download and redistribute it free of charge, provided you do not modify its content (installer, program, additional files, etc.).

[Download program or installer](DDD) (WIP)

If you use this software regularly and are satisfied with it, you are invited to purchase an end-user license. Purchasing a license will give you access to software updates, as well as enabling optional features.

[Buy a license](FFF) (WIP)

You can also [visit the software website](EEE) (WIP) to find out more about how it works, access videos and articles, find out about the different versions available and their features, contact user support...

I made this program to fill [an YouTube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLI4jHydEwwtXKEELbExiToJSTjEF2CXWy) (and other websites).

## Source code installation

To download this code repository, we recommend using "git", but you can also download a ZIP file directly from [its GitHub repository](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/LeTempsDUneTomate).

This project uses dependencies in the form of sub-modules. They will be absent from the ZIP file. You'll have to download them by hand.

* [DeveloppeurPascal/AboutDialog-Delphi-Component](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/AboutDialog-Delphi-Component) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DeveloppeurPascal/AboutDialog-Delphi-Component subfolder.
* [DeveloppeurPascal/Delphi-FMXExtend-Library](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/Delphi-FMXExtend-Library) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DeveloppeurPascal/Delphi-FMXExtend-Library subfolder.
* [DeveloppeurPascal/librairies](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/librairies) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DeveloppeurPascal/librairies subfolder.
* [DeveloppeurPascal/Pic-Resize](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/Pic-Resize) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DeveloppeurPascal/Pic-Resize subfolder.
* [DeveloppeurPascal/Video-Title-Page-Generator](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/Video-Title-Page-Generator) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DeveloppeurPascal/Video-Title-Page-Generator subfolder.
* [DeveloppeurPascal/YTVideoSeries](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/YTVideoSeries) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DeveloppeurPascal/YTVideoSeries subfolder.
* [TurboPack/DOSCommand](https://github.com/TurboPack/DOSCommand) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DOSCommand subfolder.

## License to use this code repository and its contents

This source code is distributed under the [AGPL 3.0 or later license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/).

You are generally free to use the contents of this code repository anywhere, provided that:
* you mention it in your projects
* distribute the modifications made to the files supplied in this project under the AGPL license (leaving the original copyright notices (author, link to this repository, license) which must be supplemented by your own)
* to distribute the source code of your creations under the AGPL license.

If this license doesn't suit your needs, you can purchase the right to use this project under the [Apache License 2.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/apache-2.0/) or a dedicated commercial license ([contact the author](https://developpeur-pascal.fr/nous-contacter.php) to explain your needs).

These source codes are provided as is, without warranty of any kind.

Certain elements included in this repository may be subject to third-party usage rights (images, sounds, etc.). They are not reusable in your projects unless otherwise stated.

## How to ask a new feature, report a bug or a security issue ?

If you want an answer from the project owner the best way to ask for a new feature or report a bug is to go to [the GitHub repository](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/LeTempsDUneTomate) and [open a new issue](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/LeTempsDUneTomate/issues).

If you found a security issue please don't report it publicly before a patch is available. Explain the case by [sending a private message to the author](https://developpeur-pascal.fr/nous-contacter.php).

You also can fork the repository and contribute by submitting pull requests if you want to help. Please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## Support the project and its author

If you think this project is useful and want to support it, please make a donation to [its author](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal). It will help to maintain the code and binaries.

You can use one of those services :

* [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/DeveloppeurPascal)
* [Liberapay](https://liberapay.com/PatrickPremartin)
* [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/patrickpremartin)
* [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/patrickpremartin)

or if you speack french you can [subscribe to Zone Abo](https://zone-abo.fr/nos-abonnements.php) on a monthly or yearly basis and get a lot of resources as videos and articles.

Commit message:

added conferences and streaming links as a topic

README.md, after:

# A tomato's time

[Cette page en français.](LISEZMOI.md)

The tomato's time is an utility developed in Delphi and based on the FFmpeg bookshop to cut long videos in series of 20 to 25 minutes (the time of a pomodoro, hence its title). New videos are then composed of a starting image, an end image, an excerpt from the previous video and the content of the current episode.

The whole works by using FFmpeg command line on videos stored in a folder.

This code repository contains a project developed in Object Pascal language under Delphi. You don't know what Delphi is and where to download it ? You'll learn more [on this web site](https://delphi-resources.developpeur-pascal.fr/).

## Talks and conferences

### Twitch

Follow my development streams of software, video games, mobile applications and websites on [my Twitch channel](https://www.twitch.tv/patrickpremartin) or as replays on [Serial Streameur](https://serialstreameur.fr) mostly in French.

## Using this software

This software is available in a directly installable or executable production version. It is distributed as shareware.

You can download and redistribute it free of charge, provided you do not modify its content (installer, program, additional files, etc.).

[Download program or installer](DDD) (WIP)

If you use this software regularly and are satisfied with it, you are invited to purchase an end-user license. Purchasing a license will give you access to software updates, as well as enabling optional features.

[Buy a license](FFF) (WIP)

You can also [visit the software website](EEE) (WIP) to find out more about how it works, access videos and articles, find out about the different versions available and their features, contact user support...

I made this program to fill [an YouTube playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLI4jHydEwwtXKEELbExiToJSTjEF2CXWy) (and other websites).

## Source code installation

To download this code repository, we recommend using "git", but you can also download a ZIP file directly from [its GitHub repository](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/LeTempsDUneTomate).

This project uses dependencies in the form of sub-modules. They will be absent from the ZIP file. You'll have to download them by hand.

* [DeveloppeurPascal/AboutDialog-Delphi-Component](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/AboutDialog-Delphi-Component) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DeveloppeurPascal/AboutDialog-Delphi-Component subfolder.
* [DeveloppeurPascal/Delphi-FMXExtend-Library](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/Delphi-FMXExtend-Library) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DeveloppeurPascal/Delphi-FMXExtend-Library subfolder.
* [DeveloppeurPascal/librairies](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/librairies) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DeveloppeurPascal/librairies subfolder.
* [DeveloppeurPascal/Pic-Resize](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/Pic-Resize) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DeveloppeurPascal/Pic-Resize subfolder.
* [DeveloppeurPascal/Video-Title-Page-Generator](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/Video-Title-Page-Generator) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DeveloppeurPascal/Video-Title-Page-Generator subfolder.
* [DeveloppeurPascal/YTVideoSeries](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/YTVideoSeries) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DeveloppeurPascal/YTVideoSeries subfolder.
* [TurboPack/DOSCommand](https://github.com/TurboPack/DOSCommand) must be installed in the ./lib-externes/DOSCommand subfolder.

## License to use this code repository and its contents

This source code is distributed under the [AGPL 3.0 or later license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/).

You are generally free to use the contents of this code repository anywhere, provided that:
* you mention it in your projects
* distribute the modifications made to the files supplied in this project under the AGPL license (leaving the original copyright notices (author, link to this repository, license) which must be supplemented by your own)
* to distribute the source code of your creations under the AGPL license.

If this license doesn't suit your needs, you can purchase the right to use this project under the [Apache License 2.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/apache-2.0/) or a dedicated commercial license ([contact the author](https://developpeur-pascal.fr/nous-contacter.php) to explain your needs).

These source codes are provided as is, without warranty of any kind.

Certain elements included in this repository may be subject to third-party usage rights (images, sounds, etc.). They are not reusable in your projects unless otherwise stated.

## How to ask a new feature, report a bug or a security issue ?

If you want an answer from the project owner the best way to ask for a new feature or report a bug is to go to [the GitHub repository](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/LeTempsDUneTomate) and [open a new issue](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal/LeTempsDUneTomate/issues).

If you found a security issue please don't report it publicly before a patch is available. Explain the case by [sending a private message to the author](https://developpeur-pascal.fr/nous-contacter.php).

You also can fork the repository and contribute by submitting pull requests if you want to help. Please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## Support the project and its author

If you think this project is useful and want to support it, please make a donation to [its author](https://github.com/DeveloppeurPascal). It will help to maintain the code and binaries.

You can use one of those services :

* [GitHub Sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/DeveloppeurPascal)
* [Liberapay](https://liberapay.com/PatrickPremartin)
* [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/patrickpremartin)
* [Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/paypalme/patrickpremartin)

or if you speack french you can [subscribe to Zone Abo](https://zone-abo.fr/nos-abonnements.php) on a monthly or yearly basis and get a lot of resources as videos and articles.
